Hotel Wi-Fi Terms & Conditions
By connecting to the hotel's Internet services (including Wi-Fi services), you (“the user”) are acknowledging you have read and understood the following information, and agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. 

The hotel’s Internet service is provided as-is, without warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. Technical support is limited to hotel equipment only. Any changes to guest equipment or software are solely the responsibility of the user to ensure their system or equipment used is compatible with services offered by the hotel.  

The hotel does not control content made available on the Internet by third parties, however, the hotel may block, remove, filter, or restrict access to content and systems that, at the hotel’s discretion, is deemed inappropriate, violates the terms of this agreement or for any other reason.  

The user accepts responsibility for any minor children in their care using the hotel services provided to guests, including but not limited to the Internet service(s) and television.  

The user agrees not to use the hotel’s Internet service(s) for any purpose that is unlawful or otherwise prohibited. The user is fully responsible for their use in accessing systems and content made available on the Internet and/or the television.  

By using the hotel’s Internet service(s), the user agrees not to: (a) transmit data or materials that contain viruses and/or code designed to interrupt services, destroy, or limit the use of computer equipment, software, or telecommunications equipment; (b) transmit data or materials that infringe on the copyright, trademark or intellectual property of others; (c) transmit data or materials that are harassing, defamatory, obscene, or attacking the race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, or physical attributes of any person; (d) use equipment and services for excessive transfer of data; (e) impersonate any person, entity, or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity for any purpose; or (f) conduct any activities that are criminal in nature.        

Access to the hotel’s Internet service(s) is provided as a convenience and is not intended for business use. The user agrees to hold the hotel harmless for any loss of business or commerce associated with using the hotel’s Internet service(s) or any failure of the hotel’s network. The user agrees to release and hold harmless the hotel for any direct or consequential damages suffered by the user and/or suffered to the user’s computer hardware, software, or telecommunications equipment resulting from the use or failure of the hotel’s Internet service(s).  

Access to the hotel’s Internet service(s) may be blocked, suspended, or terminated at any time, for any reason, at the discretion of the hotel, without prior notice. Any hotel Internet service(s) advertised or represented to be available to users may be rescinded, modified, or suspended by the hotel without notice or liability to the user. Any hotel Internet service(s) for which the user pays the hotel a fee and can not access shall be subject to a credit in favor of the user, upon request.   

While the hotel does take every effort to respect the privacy of the user, the hotel cannot guarantee privacy. Data is collected in the form of logs for maintenance purposes, performance, and system security requirements. The hotel will provide this information, without notification to the user, upon request by law enforcement in aiding investigation of criminal activity or civil disputes or in situations where the hotel is acting in good faith to prevent harm to others or violations of the law.  

The hotel is not liable for any damage, undesired resource usage, or detrimental effects that may occur to a user's device and/or software while the user’s device is attached to the hotel’s Internet service(s). The user is responsible for any actions taken from their device, whether intentional or unintentional, that damage or otherwise affect other devices or users of the hotel’s Internet service(s). The user hereby releases the hotel from liability for any loss, damage, security infringement, or injury which the user may sustain as a result of being allowed access to the hotel’s Internet service(s). The user agrees to be solely responsible for any such loss, infringement, damage, or injury. 